Update consistency text (#25)
ietf-wg-privacypass/draft-ietf-privacypass-rate-limit-tokens: draft-ietf-privacypass-rate-limit-tokens.md

As with the basic issuance protocol {{ISSUANCE}}, the token_key_id is truncated to a single
octet to mitigate the risk of unique keys per client.

> Clients SHOULD prevent targeting attacks by checking the consistency of the encapsulation
> key across time and across other clients. Consistency for privacy pass keys is described in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clients SHOULD check encapsulation key consistency to help mitigate targeting attacks. Consistency for Privacy Pass resources such as Issuer directories and token keys is described in
```

{{?CONSISTENCY=I-D.ietf-privacypass-key-consistency}}.
{{?CONSISTENCY-MIRROR=I-D.group-privacypass-consistency-mirror}} describes a specific
approach in which Clients can check the consistency of a key using a mirror server.
Since encapsulation keys are available in the Issuer well-known configuration ({{setup}}),
the Client can fetch the configuration via a mirror to perform a consistency check.

Clients can also detect inconsistency if the encapsulation key changes across multiple
challenges (indicating that an Origin might be trying to target Clients, but did not
recognize the Client across two requests). If such changes are detected multiple times

> within a short period of time, Clients MUST NOT fetch more tokens using the key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
recognize the Client across two requests). Encapsulation key changes within a short
period of time can indicate that the Origin is attempting to target the Client.
```

The Attester can also help ensure consistency with an in-band check, which conforms
to the approach in {{?CONSISTENCY-INBAND=I-D.pw-privacypass-in-band-consistency}}.
The Attester can observe and validate the issuer_encap_key_id presented by the Client to
the Issuer. As described in {{request-one}}, Attesters MUST validate that the
issuer_encap_key_id in the Client's TokenRequest matches a known Issuer
Encapsulation Key public key for the Issuer. The Attester needs to support key rotation, but
ought to disallow very rapid key changes, which could indicate that an Origin is colluding with
an Issuer to try to rotate the key for each new Client in order to link the client activity.

## Client Identification with Unique Per-Origin Token Keys

> Client activity could also be linked if an Origin and Issuer collude to use a unique
> key for the Token Keys, which are per-origin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Client activity could also be linked if an Origin and Issuer collude to use a unique
per-origin Token Key.
```

Since Attesters do not see per-origin identities that can be correlated across Clients,
Attesters cannot perform in-band consistency checks.

> Clients SHOULD prevent targeting attacks by checking the consistency of token keys
> key across time and across other clients. Consistency for privacy pass keys is described in
> {{?CONSISTENCY=I-D.ietf-privacypass-key-consistency}}.
> {{?CONSISTENCY-MIRROR=I-D.group-privacypass-consistency-mirror}} describes a specific
> approach in which Clients can check the consistency of a key using a mirror server.
> Since per-origin token keys are available in the Issuer well-known configuration ({{setup}}),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clients SHOULD check encapsulation key consistency to help mitigate targeting attacks.
Consistency for Privacy Pass resources such as Issuer directories and token keys is described in
{{?CONSISTENCY=I-D.ietf-privacypass-key-consistency}}.
{{?CONSISTENCY-MIRROR=I-D.group-privacypass-consistency-mirror}} describes a specific
approach in which Clients can check the consistency of a key using a mirror server.
Since per-origin token keys are available in the Issuer well-known configuration ({{setup}}),
```

the Client can fetch the configuration via a mirror to perform a consistency check.

Clients can detect inconsistency if the token key for an Origin-Issuer pair changes across
multiple challenges (indicating that an Origin might be trying to target Clients, but did not
recognize the Client across two requests). If such changes are detected multiple times

> within a short period of time, Clients MUST NOT fetch more tokens using the key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
recognize the Client across two requests). Token key changes within a short
period of time can indicate that the Origin is attempting to target the Client.
```
